A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
Hesitation is a sin.
The concept of waiting bewilders me.
It is chiefly to my confidence in men and my ability to inspire their confidence in me that I owe my success in life.
A life oriented to leisure is in the end a life oriented to death -- the greatest leisure of all.
Engineering is the bottleneck.
Never play an ace if a two will do.
When you have something to say, silence is a lie.
If you do not take risks for your opinion, you are nothing.
There is one thing that's more wonderful than their numbers. In all that vast number there is not one man called Gisgo.
A free person does not need to win arguments -- just win.
I've been looking for a good adversary.
I really thought I did everything, until I tried to do it alone.
What concrete information do you have for me that I do not already possess?
I shall not perform the labors of a Sisyphus upon this masterpiece of confusion.
Anybody can be happy and cozy. Nothing good happens in the world by being happy and cozy. Nobody achieves anything great because they're happy and cozy.
So delighted.
Oh, so Mother Nature needs a favor? Well, maybe she should have thought of that when she was besetting us with droughts and floods and poison monkeys. Nature started the fight for survival, and now she wants to quit because she's losing? Well, I say "hard cheese!"
Facts are meaningless. You could use facts to prove anything that's even remotely true.
Avoid boredom.
Law of Power #01: Never outshine the master.
Law of Power #02: Never put too much trust in friends, learn how to use enemies.
Law of Power #03: Conceal your intentions.
Law of Power #04: Always say less than necessary.
Law of Power #05: So much depends on reputation -- guard it with your life.
Law of Power #06: Court attention at all cost.
Law of Power #07: Get others to do the work for you, but always take the credit.
Law of Power #08: Make other people come to you -- use bait if necessary.
Law of Power #09: Win through your actions, never through argument.
Law of Power #10: Infection: Avoid the unhappy and unlucky.
Law of Power #11: Learn to keep people dependent on you.
Law of Power #12: Use selective honesty and generosity to disarm your victim.
Law of Power #13: When asking for help, appeal to people's self-interest, never to their mercy or gratitude.
Law of Power #14: Pose as a friend, work as a spy.
Law of Power #15: Crush your enemy totally.
Law of Power #16: Use absence to increase respect and honor.
Law of Power #17: Keep others in suspended terror: Cultivate an air of unpredictability.
Law of Power #18: Do not build fortresses to protect yourself -- isolation is dangerous.
Law of Power #19: Know who you're dealing with -- do not offend the wrong person.
Law of Power #20: Do not commit to anyone.
Law of Power #21: Play a sucker to catch a sucker -- seem dumber than your mark.
Law of Power #22: Use the surrender tactic: Transform weakness into power.
Law of Power #23: Concentrate your forces.
Law of Power #24: Play the perfect courtier.
Law of Power #25: Re-create yourself.
Law of Power #26: Keep your hands clean.
Law of Power #27: Play on people's need to believe to create a cultlike following.
Law of Power #28: Enter action with boldness.
Law of Power #29: Plan all the way to the end.
Law of Power #30: Make accomplishments seem effortless.
Law of Power #31: Control the options: Get others to play with the cards you deal.
Law of Power #32: Play to people's fantasies.
Law of Power #33: Discover each man's thumbscrew.
Law of Power #34: Be royal in your own fashion: Act like a king to be treated like one.
Law of Power #35: Master the art of timing.
Law of Power #36: Disdain things you cannot have: Ignoring them is the best revenge.
Law of Power #37: Create compelling spectacles.
Law of Power #38: Think as you like but behave like others.
Law of Power #39: Stir up waters to catch fish.
Law of Power #40: Despise the free lunch.
Law of Power #41: Avoid stepping into a great man's shoes.
Law of Power #42: Strike the shepherd and the sheep will scatter.
Law of Power #43: Work on the hearts and minds of others.
Law of Power #44: Disarm and infuriate with the mirror effect.
Law of Power #45: Preach the need for change, but never reform too much at once.
Law of Power #46: Never appear too perfect.
Law of Power #47: Do not go past the mark you aimed for; in victory, learn when to stop.
Law of Power #48: Assume formlessness.
Some men aren't happy without caviar. Robert Moses was happy with a ham sandwich -- and power.
The more effortless the sorcery appears, the more men fear the sorcerer.
I once lost $30,000 on a horse. She just rode off with it.
I'm willing to start at the bottom. There's only one thing I won't do, and that's take orders from anyone, ever.
You know the worst thing about being a slave? They make you work, but they don't pay you or let you go.
If you don't want people eating your fruit, grow it in a safe.
Maybe you're not such a horrible greasy perverted shabby two-bit filthy disgusting pig.
What crime have I committed to deserve so long a sentence?
It was Camelot. It was Narnia. It was Waco.
Fact: In 100% of all fake-gun-related shootings, the victim is always the one with the fake gun.
